::backdrop is well supported (#34076)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/_doublecolon_backdrop/index.md

</dialog>
<button>Show the dialog</button>
```

#### CSS

We add a background to the backdrop, creating a colorful donut using [CSS gradients](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/gradient):

```css
::backdrop {
  background-image: radial-gradient(
      circle,
      white 0 5vw,
      transparent 5vw 20vw,
      white 20vw
    ),
    conic-gradient(
      #272b66 0 50grad,
      #2d559f 50grad 100grad,
      #9ac147 100grad 150grad,
      #639b47 150grad 200grad,
      #e1e23b 200grad 250grad,
      #f7941e 250grad 300grad,
      #662a6c 300grad 350grad,
      #9a1d34 350grad 400grad,
      #43a1cd 100grad 150grad,
      #ba3e2e
    );
}
```

#### JavaScript

The dialog is opened modally using the .showModal() method and closed using the .close() method.

```js
const dialog = document.querySelector("dialog");
const showButton = document.querySelector("dialog + button");
const closeButton = document.querySelector("dialog button");

// "Show the dialog" button opens the dialog modally
showButton.addEventListener("click", () => {
  dialog.showModal();
});

// "Close" button closes the dialog
closeButton.addEventListener("click", () => {
  dialog.close();
});
```

#### Results

> {{EmbedLiveSample('Styling a modal dialog's backdrop', 450, 120)}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{EmbedLiveSample("Styling a modal dialog's backdrop", 450, 120)}}
```

## Examples

### Styling a modal dialog's backdrop

> In this example, we style the backdrop used when a modal {{htmlelement("dialog")}} is opened using the `::backdrop` pseudo-element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we use the `::backdrop` pseudo-element to style the backdrop that is used when a modal {{htmlelement("dialog")}} is open.
```

(the previous version was ambiguous, you could read it as: we use the :backdrop pseudo-element to open the dialog)
